# ACR-MOD-TOOLS
A collection of tools created for All Countries Released mod for Europa Universalis 4.
Mod link: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2601684449

# Tools:
"culturemeister" is used to generate single culture definitions file (like the one in common/cultures directory in game files) from multiple culture files. Used primarily to merge updated 00_cultures.txt file from EU4 with ACR cultures file.

"changeculteff": 
  'change.py' is used to replace/delete change_culture effects from events, mission rewards and decisions with ACR culture conversion modifiers, which simulate a gradual culture conversion, opposed to instant culture change in province.
  'mkevents.py' is used to generate modifier-related events from event template, generated scripts can be put into events folder without further adjustments.

"fastculture" is used to create culture variables and their localization for the population culture mechanic.

"fastculture_effects" uses variables generated by previous tool to create scripted effects, triggers, save localizations. 

"fast_prt_modifier" is used to create modifiers for the Pruthenian militarization-demilitarization mechanic in certain range. Default range in ACR is 50: from -25 to 25.

"fast_ukr_modifier" is used to create modifiers for the Ruthenian centralization-decentralization mechanic in certain range. Default range in ACR is 50: from -25 to 25.

"prevgen" is used to generate previews for modifiers, generated keys can be then used by "custom_tooltip" to display info about modifier to the player without "hacks" like adding it to the country for 1 in-game day. 
